.TH "mooner" "1"  "Monday 14 july 2014" "version 1"
.SH NAME
mooner - objectivemoon.io project data collector.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mooner [-i 
.I interface
.B ] [-v] [-V][-p 
.I port
.B ] [-d] [-r 
.I <server name>[:<server port>]
.B ] [-u ] [-a 
.I size
.B ] [-y] [-k 
.I <public key>
.B ] [-U
.I login
.B ] [-P 
.I password
.B ] [-T
.I token
.B ] [-s
.I <service name>
.B ] [ -e
.I <rmq exchange name>
.B ] [-q
.I <rmq queue name>
.B ] [ -t 
.I <synflood time> 
.B ] [ -l 
.I <log file> 
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B mooner
is a program that collect performance data from your web site. Basically, 
.B mooner 
listen on a tcp 
.I port 
and will get connection delta time from client and server in the tcp handshake.
Those data will be send to a 
.B moonwalker 
server that will collect and restitute data at 
.B http://houston.objectivemoon.io
where you will be able to know if you have, and from where (client, server or
network side), any performance issue on your web site.


.SH OPTIONS

.B -a size

Max size of the tcp connection buffer. See 
.I -t 
option to get more information about that buffer, or visit http://ww.objectivemoon.io
Default
.B 420

.B -d

Debug option. In that mode, 
.B mooner
will send to logger debug information. Note that
.B mooner
will still fork a startup. See 
.B -v
option to not fork. Note to that there is no fork on OSX

.B -V
print version and exit

.B -e <rmq exchange name>

Rabbit-mq exchange name. Default 
.B mooner

.B -i interface

This is the interface on which the
.B mooner
will listen. See libpcap for default interface

.B -k <public key>

NOT YET IMPLEMENTED. The mooner will use that public to send crypted data to the
.B moonwalker

.B -p port

Port on which the mooner will listen for tcp connection to analyse. Default 
.B 80

.B -q <rmq queue name>

name of rabbit-mq queue name. default 
.B mooner

.B -r <server name>[:<server port>]
Name and port of a broker (rabbit-mq) where to send collected data. This option turn off
.B -s 
option

.B -s <service name>
Name of a service (DNS SRV) where to find a broker (rabbit-mq). Default 
.B columbia.orbit.objectivemoon.io

.B -t <synflood time>
Buy defintion this service is subject to tcpsynflooding attact ...  what the hell is TCP :-( so here 
You manage time before remove elements from the tcp buffer. Note that, you can change the buffer size 
with 
.B -a 
option. Default 
.B 5
seconds

.B -u

usage. This option will exit the mooner

.B -v

verbose mode. The mooner will not fork at begining

.B -P password

Password to connect to the broker

.B -T token

As if you do -P 
.I token 
-U 
.I token
-T 
.I token 
-e 
.I token
Note that Token maximum size is 16 bytes.

.B -U login

Login to connect to the broker

.SH BUGS 

.B -k
option has been not yet implemented 

.B -l <file name>

set the 
.I <file name>
where mooner will log. Note that option disable log on your favorite
.I syslog
which is the default log output. See
.B -v 
option for 
.I stderr
output

.SH AUTHOR

mooner@objectivemoon.io

.SH SEE ALSO

www.objectivemoon.io

.SH EXAMPLE 

.B ./mooner -dv -i eth0 -T 1234567812345678

.B mooner
will not fork, listen on port 80 of eth0 for any tcp connection, and will send data, but will display information.
It will send a dns srv request to find
.I orbit.objectivemoon.io
service, and will try connect to a broker serveur, using login and password set as
.I 1234567812345678
and use default exchange routing key as
.I mooner
and queue as
.I mooner
